I had a grandma. She was My father's aunt
and she used to tell us a nice story about
somebody who was going to meet God.
Of course this - in India everybody
understands all these things.
They will not say: "How is he going to
meet God?" but they accept, you see:
“All right, he is going to meet God”.
So when he was going on the way,
on the road, he found one gentleman
sitting there, nicely singing
songs, bhajans of God,
doing nothing on the roadside.
So he said: "Oh, so you are going to meet God?"
"Yes, I am going to meet Him. So
have you any message for Him?"
"Yes, please tell Him that I'm all right,
but He should arrange for my food,
because I think the food is now finishing."
He said: "Really, that's what
you want me to tell Him?"
"Yes, yes, please tell Him. Oh, of
course He'll arrange, but please tell Him."
So he went ahead and he met another gentleman
who was standing on his head,
doing all kinds of yoga asanas and everything.
And he asked him: "Please go
and ask God - I've tried everything.
When is He going to meet
me? I would like to see Him.
I would like to have His
darshan." He said: "All right."
So he went to God,
and whatever work he had he finished with it,
and then God asked him: "Have
you got anything to tell Me?"
He said: "Nothing much, but I
met one gentleman while coming
and he said that 'I'm doing all kinds
of things, I have tried everything,
and when will God meet
me? I am standing on my head,
and I am doing also all kinds of
yoga asanas, and all kinds of things,
and also I am going to church
and mosque, I am praying,
doing all sorts of prayers,
but when will God meet me?'"
So God said: "Tell him he has to do little more.
See, it's not easy. When
Sahaja Yoga will come we'll see!"
So then even he said: "And there’s
another one who was on the road, You see.
He was just enjoying himself singing songs,
he suddenly saw me, and he told me:
'You see, my food is now finishing,
ask God to arrange it for me.'"
He said: "Really, is the food just
finishing?" Immediately God said:
"What are you doing, why don't you go
and look after him? His food is finishing."
"No, no, Sir, we yesterday
only, we arranged it, all that."
He said: "All right, all right, doesn't
matter." You see, he couldn't understand,
you know, that this fellow
who is trying all these things
and God is still saying that he has to wait.
And while this fellow is just
singing songs of God and all that,
and why is it so much
impressed by this another fellow
who is doing nothing to seek God?
So then God realized that he
is in some sort of an illusion.
So He told him: "All right,
you go and tell them one thing.
To both of them the same thing, that
'When I went to God what I saw there
was that He made a camel
pass through the eye of a needle.'"
So he said: "Really, I should tell them?"
"Yes, yes, you just tell
them, and see the reaction."
So he went down. So this is, the first
one met him, he said: "What God has said?"
He said that God has said: "Wait till
Sahaja Yoga comes in, then I'll meet you.
Before that you go round like this."
"Oh God, when will this Sahaja Yoga come?"
And he said: "So, but He'll meet me sometime?
I hope Sahaja Yoga also comes some time."
And he was quite disappointed.
So he went and he asked him
that: "What did you see with,
there when you went to see
God?" He said: "I saw that, you know,
He passed a camel through
the eye of an, of a needle."
He said: "What? How is it
possible? It's impossible!"
Now mental - "How is it possible,
that a camel can pass
through the eye, it's not possible,
see the volume of this one and
such a little thing. How can he pass?
No, no, no, no you are just telling me
a story because you have been to God,
you are trying to show off, that's all.
I, I don't believe in all this nonsense.
You see, you are just telling me
lies, and don't try to befool me."
So he went to another person
who was on the street eating nicely.
He said: "How are you?" "Oh, I know He
had arranged before you reached there,
I know it was all right after all. You
see, He looks after me all the time.
So what did you see when you went
there?" He said: "I saw that God Almighty
passed a camel through an eye of
a needle. It's a very amazing thing."
He said: "What amazing thing?
He is God, do you know He is God?
Do you know He is God? God can
do anything. He can do anything!"
That's made him understand, that if
you understand that God is all-powerful -
all-powerful, it doesn't mean that He
can move Himalayas to Maharashtra.
It doesn't mean that!
But it means He is all powerful.
Means He can do subtlest and
subtlest thing, and such things
which our brain, this mental
side cannot understand.
It's beyond the conception of a human mind.
This is what God is.